Documentation  					3.5		out of 3.5
Testing Docs 					3.5		out of 3.5
Code Correctness 				1.5		out of 1.5
Code Clairty (organization) 	1.5		out of 1.5
Total 							10		out of 10


Comments:
The code works correctly on most normal cases. The documentations are very short.
I suggest you to follow these instructions if you also want to get the full mark for future labs.

1. 	The Documentation lacks proper formatting.
	We expect you to provide us with a detailed explanation of the functions you wrote and explain them one by one. 
	I have included a short example at the end of my comments. Please consider following that example in future.
	
2. 	Currently, you have included few lines of comments available in your code. 
	However, the comments should follow the examples provided for "all" functions. i.e. start 
	with \\+ and end with \\- and include "purpose", "Parameters", and "function".
	
3.	Using "script" command to make the testing docs is perfect. The comments on the test are appreciated,
	but we requre you to provid us with a seperate testing document. 
	
4.	Your code could not handle exceptions very well. for instance "exit hi" just exited the shell, where it should 
	output an error to the user. you should consider the number of arguments that are passed.

5.	You output too much when running a command. For instance, "pwd" command says "invalid command" but also outputs the 
	current folder. You should manage your printf and if statements better.

	
	
	
Documentation example:
	Code Documentation
	
		Student Name 1/Student Number 1
		Student Name 2/Student Number 2

		File name: shell.c

		Objective: Write a C program that .... (similar to what you currently have)

		Code description:	
			The main function consists of ....

			Splitting the command line into words is ...
			skipChar ...
			SplitCommandLine ...

			The main body of the function is a loop that ...
						
			The dispatch table is ...
			
			exitFunc(): ...
			pwdFunc(): ...
			lsFunc(): ...
			cdFunc(): ...
			
	Test Documentation
	
		Student Name 1/Student Number 1
		Student Name 2/Student Number 2

		File name: shell
		
		We performed the following tests: ...
